Update compilation documentation + Fix debugging for Microsoft OS (#592)
STORM-IRIT/Radium-Engine: doc/basics/compilation.md

    {
      "name": "x64-Release",
      "generator": "Ninja",
      "configurationType": "Release",
      "inheritEnvironments": [ "msvc_x64_x64" ],
      "buildRoot": "C:/Users/XXX/Dev/builds/Radium/${name}",
      "installRoot": "C:/Users/XXX/Dev/Radium-install",
      "cmakeCommandArgs": "-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=C:/Qt-5.10/5.10.0/msvc2017_64 -DRADIUM_UPDATE_VERSION=OFF -DRADIUM_IO_ASSIMP=ON",
      "buildCommandArgs": "",
      "ctestCommandArgs": ""
    },
    {
      "name": "x64-Debug",
      "generator": "Ninja",
      "configurationType": "Debug",
      "inheritEnvironments": [ "msvc_x64_x64" ],
      "buildRoot": "C:/Users/XXX/Dev/builds/Radium/${name}",
      "installRoot": "C:/Users/XXX/Dev/Radium-installdbg",
      "cmakeCommandArgs": "-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=C:/Qt-5.10/5.10.0/msvc2017_64 -DRADIUM_UPDATE_VERSION=OFF -DRADIUM_IO_ASSIMP=ON",
      "buildCommandArgs": "",
      "ctestCommandArgs": ""
    }
  ]
}
~~~
*Note*: it is strongly encouraged to use `/` separators in your path, instead of `\\` as previously mentionned. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13737370/cmake-error-invalid-escape-sequence-u

### Compilation

Right click on CMakeList.txt > build > all.

> To install, you need to run any installation target, e.g. `HelloRadium.exe (install)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install, you need to run any installation target, e.g. `Engine.dll (install)` or to select the menu <Build>/<Install radiumproject>
```
